This is the visualization practice of the Vajrasattva practice. The Vajrayana teaching always said
two practices, visualization and completion stage practices, all the dissolving stage practices,
first we visualize.
That means transforming everything, both the environment, including our body, in the environment of
the Vajrasattva, pure mandala.
Your body is yourself with Vajrasattva and your perception and conception, all these in Vajrasattva
status. So that's where we begin.
And that is why we do this practice. According to the teaching of the Buddha and the Vajrayana
teaching, reality level, the nature is already enlightened status.
Everything is, all the five elements are the five female Buddhas, five aggregators are the five
male Buddhas and there is nothing else besides the combination of the five element and the five
aggregators.
So everything is the display of the divine mandalas. So really we are activating that realization.
We know the burial or the hindrance of the dualities.
That is the part of the meditation of the Vajrayana. Immediately you are be in the Buddha status,
not just waiting Buddha long way in the future, you just become now Buddha.
That is what the powerful Vajrayana teaching is, in particular, in a tantra. So we are part of the
inner tantra, part of the secret Vajrayana teaching, we are visualizing and ourselves will be that
status.
To become our, that status, then always in the teaching you say, be courageous one, be courageous,
fearlessness.
Don't interfere in your realization meditation with intellectual ideas and skeptical hesitation
without, those are obstacles.
It is undermining our quality of the nature of the meditation. Be in that status for a short time.
You have, you can do intellectual, we can do intellectual things and analyze all those things after
meditation practice, before the meditation practice.
But during the meditation practices we start thinking this and that, that is then just discursive
thought.
And is it disturbance? So therefore, distancing those courage and confidence, what we need, joy,
devotion, confidence and appreciation.
How fortunate we are that we have such a great teaching of the lineage teaching of that we can
really embrace and kind of reveal our nature.
It's not just so accidental, it's not just seldom kind of happen by itself. Truly we are fortunate
beings.
That's what the Buddha said, to being as a human being is so special, so rare. We are human beings,
not just human beings.
We have the 18 endowments, 10 lakshas call it us. And add freedom and 10 lakshas call it us, we
have that.
And all this wonderful, and plus not just that, and such a great teaching of the Buddha, Vaidyana
teaching by Gurbel Masambhav.
And all these great master of the kama and the dharma teachings, now really we can embrace in that.
This is all those great master, what we call, reaching enlightenment, become this great master
because of doing these practices.
It's not just they are born with great masters. They practice, they meditate, they actualize with
courage and commitment, confidence, joy, devotion, and both each other.
Don't to the earth, they really reach that realization. That's what we always approach.
We are in that footsteps. We are following the same nectar, the drink, and the same pot that
follows, and the same call it us, same thing we have.
And this is so special. So therefore, and then also so many beautiful other call it in samsara,
that you all have.
In samsara, every lakshas call it us, you have. In this country, many. So it's not just co-exident.
Both samsara level and the dharma level, we are very fortunate ones. Brain joy, appreciation.
That's what we are going to also, by thinking of, bring out those call it us, we are going to
remove our suffering, the difficulty, troubles, challenges.
We are going to transform that. That's what also known as bodhisattvas. Courageous ones for the
enlightenment.
Bodhisattva means Sanskrit. Courageous ones for the enlightenment.
We are going to transform all the challenges, the difficulties, troubles on the way into the path
so that it ignite our courage, our commitment, our confidence, our destination, and we are
advancing.
Those are all important. That's part of the practice.
So again, back to these practices, we are practicing, following that. In Vedayana teaching, there
are two practices, principal practices, visualization and the dissolving or the completion stages.
This is visualization. We are going to see ourselves as Vedasapras, instant in April.
And those old structures, so clearly here, this is one of the great master's teaching of the Nirma
schools.
Great Tirtha lumba or Vendolethi. It's very powerful. It's so powerful practice.
This teaching is practiced by so many Buddhist practitioners in Tibet, but regularly in Nirma.
All Nirma schools, really they practice this. And then as well as Gaju tree and Mene Sathya too.
So this is very powerful practices, and we are really connected to that.
So again, this is your joy, devotion, bodhicata, and appreciation.
Those are the foundation of the Dharma. Those are the central column of Dharma, and those are the
result of Dharma.
We start that now. Now. So bring out the fruitful qualities, and then we follow that.
We follow that. Just again, simple reminder again. That's what the teaching says.
Sangha means helping and support to each other. We are all as Sangha members.
So I'm just reminded, I'm staying on this chair and kind of playing the role of the S like ceremony
, like that.
So I'm just really reminding to you in a way. Reminding to you and reminding to me too.
So we all be in this beautiful status and bring up this beautiful attitude, as I said many times.
Thank you again. So now we follow these steps.